# Order

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | ID of the order. UUID Version 4. | 
**Number** | **int32** | A vanity id used for internal tracking of orders for a given vendor. | 
**Title** | **string** | The title of the order, generated by combining the order&#39;s number property with the prefix \&quot;Order #\&quot;. | 
**FulfillmentStatus** | **string** | The fulfillment status of the order. | 
**PaymentStatus** | **string** | The payment status of the order. | 
**Currency** | Pointer to **string** | The three-letter ISO 4217 currency code for the currency in which this order was or will be transacted. Must be a supported currency of Aryeo. | [optional] 
**TotalAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | A positive integer in the smallest currency unit (that is, 100 cents for $1.00) representing the total order amount that was or will be charged. This accounts for order items and taxes.  | [optional] 
**PaymentUrl** | Pointer to **NullableString** | A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage to pay for the order. | [optional] 
**StatusUrl** | **NullableString** | A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage to see the order&#39;s status. | 
**DownloadsAllowed** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates if the current user is allowed to download content from the attached listing. | [optional] 
**PaymentsAllowed** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates if the current user is allowed to make a payment for the order. | [optional] 
**Address** | Pointer to [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**Customer** | Pointer to [**Group**](Group.md) |  | [optional] 
**Listing** | Pointer to [**Listing**](Listing.md) |  | [optional] 
**Items** | Pointer to [**[]OrderItem**](OrderItem.md) | items | [optional] 
**Appointments** | Pointer to [**[]Appointment**](Appointment.md) |  | [optional] 
**UnconfirmedAppointments** | Pointer to [**[]UnconfirmedAppointment**](UnconfirmedAppointment.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewOrder

`func NewOrder(id string, number int32, title string, fulfillmentStatus string, paymentStatus string, statusUrl NullableString, ) *Order`

NewOrder instantiates a new Order object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewOrderWithDefaults

`func NewOrderWithDefaults() *Order`

NewOrderWithDefaults instantiates a new Order object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Order) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Order) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Order) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetNumber

`func (o *Order) GetNumber() int32`

GetNumber returns the Number field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNumberOk

`func (o *Order) GetNumberOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNumberOk returns a tuple with the Number field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNumber

`func (o *Order) SetNumber(v int32)`

SetNumber sets Number field to given value.


### GetTitle

`func (o *Order) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *Order) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *Order) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.


### GetFulfillmentStatus

`func (o *Order) GetFulfillmentStatus() string`

GetFulfillmentStatus returns the FulfillmentStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFulfillmentStatusOk

`func (o *Order) GetFulfillmentStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFulfillmentStatusOk returns a tuple with the FulfillmentStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFulfillmentStatus

`func (o *Order) SetFulfillmentStatus(v string)`

SetFulfillmentStatus sets FulfillmentStatus field to given value.


### GetPaymentStatus

`func (o *Order) GetPaymentStatus() string`

GetPaymentStatus returns the PaymentStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentStatusOk

`func (o *Order) GetPaymentStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentStatusOk returns a tuple with the PaymentStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentStatus

`func (o *Order) SetPaymentStatus(v string)`

SetPaymentStatus sets PaymentStatus field to given value.


### GetCurrency

`func (o *Order) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *Order) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *Order) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *Order) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTotalAmount

`func (o *Order) GetTotalAmount() int32`

GetTotalAmount returns the TotalAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalAmountOk

`func (o *Order) GetTotalAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalAmountOk returns a tuple with the TotalAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalAmount

`func (o *Order) SetTotalAmount(v int32)`

SetTotalAmount sets TotalAmount field to given value.

### HasTotalAmount

`func (o *Order) HasTotalAmount() bool`

HasTotalAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentUrl

`func (o *Order) GetPaymentUrl() string`

GetPaymentUrl returns the PaymentUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentUrlOk

`func (o *Order) GetPaymentUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentUrlOk returns a tuple with the PaymentUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentUrl

`func (o *Order) SetPaymentUrl(v string)`

SetPaymentUrl sets PaymentUrl field to given value.

### HasPaymentUrl

`func (o *Order) HasPaymentUrl() bool`

HasPaymentUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPaymentUrlNil

`func (o *Order) SetPaymentUrlNil(b bool)`

 SetPaymentUrlNil sets the value for PaymentUrl to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPaymentUrl
`func (o *Order) UnsetPaymentUrl()`

UnsetPaymentUrl ensures that no value is present for PaymentUrl, not even an explicit nil
### GetStatusUrl

`func (o *Order) GetStatusUrl() string`

GetStatusUrl returns the StatusUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusUrlOk

`func (o *Order) GetStatusUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusUrlOk returns a tuple with the StatusUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatusUrl

`func (o *Order) SetStatusUrl(v string)`

SetStatusUrl sets StatusUrl field to given value.


### SetStatusUrlNil

`func (o *Order) SetStatusUrlNil(b bool)`

 SetStatusUrlNil sets the value for StatusUrl to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStatusUrl
`func (o *Order) UnsetStatusUrl()`

UnsetStatusUrl ensures that no value is present for StatusUrl, not even an explicit nil
### GetDownloadsAllowed

`func (o *Order) GetDownloadsAllowed() bool`

GetDownloadsAllowed returns the DownloadsAllowed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDownloadsAllowedOk

`func (o *Order) GetDownloadsAllowedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDownloadsAllowedOk returns a tuple with the DownloadsAllowed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDownloadsAllowed

`func (o *Order) SetDownloadsAllowed(v bool)`

SetDownloadsAllowed sets DownloadsAllowed field to given value.

### HasDownloadsAllowed

`func (o *Order) HasDownloadsAllowed() bool`

HasDownloadsAllowed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentsAllowed

`func (o *Order) GetPaymentsAllowed() bool`

GetPaymentsAllowed returns the PaymentsAllowed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentsAllowedOk

`func (o *Order) GetPaymentsAllowedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPaymentsAllowedOk returns a tuple with the PaymentsAllowed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentsAllowed

`func (o *Order) SetPaymentsAllowed(v bool)`

SetPaymentsAllowed sets PaymentsAllowed field to given value.

### HasPaymentsAllowed

`func (o *Order) HasPaymentsAllowed() bool`

HasPaymentsAllowed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddress

`func (o *Order) GetAddress() Address`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *Order) GetAddressOk() (*Address, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *Order) SetAddress(v Address)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.

### HasAddress

`func (o *Order) HasAddress() bool`

HasAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomer

`func (o *Order) GetCustomer() Group`

GetCustomer returns the Customer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerOk

`func (o *Order) GetCustomerOk() (*Group, bool)`

GetCustomerOk returns a tuple with the Customer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomer

`func (o *Order) SetCustomer(v Group)`

SetCustomer sets Customer field to given value.

### HasCustomer

`func (o *Order) HasCustomer() bool`

HasCustomer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetListing

`func (o *Order) GetListing() Listing`

GetListing returns the Listing field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetListingOk

`func (o *Order) GetListingOk() (*Listing, bool)`

GetListingOk returns a tuple with the Listing field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetListing

`func (o *Order) SetListing(v Listing)`

SetListing sets Listing field to given value.

### HasListing

`func (o *Order) HasListing() bool`

HasListing returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetItems

`func (o *Order) GetItems() []OrderItem`

GetItems returns the Items field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetItemsOk

`func (o *Order) GetItemsOk() (*[]OrderItem, bool)`

GetItemsOk returns a tuple with the Items field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetItems

`func (o *Order) SetItems(v []OrderItem)`

SetItems sets Items field to given value.

### HasItems

`func (o *Order) HasItems() bool`

HasItems returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppointments

`func (o *Order) GetAppointments() []Appointment`

GetAppointments returns the Appointments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppointmentsOk

`func (o *Order) GetAppointmentsOk() (*[]Appointment, bool)`

GetAppointmentsOk returns a tuple with the Appointments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppointments

`func (o *Order) SetAppointments(v []Appointment)`

SetAppointments sets Appointments field to given value.

### HasAppointments

`func (o *Order) HasAppointments() bool`

HasAppointments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUnconfirmedAppointments

`func (o *Order) GetUnconfirmedAppointments() []UnconfirmedAppointment`

GetUnconfirmedAppointments returns the UnconfirmedAppointments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUnconfirmedAppointmentsOk

`func (o *Order) GetUnconfirmedAppointmentsOk() (*[]UnconfirmedAppointment, bool)`

GetUnconfirmedAppointmentsOk returns a tuple with the UnconfirmedAppointments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUnconfirmedAppointments

`func (o *Order) SetUnconfirmedAppointments(v []UnconfirmedAppointment)`

SetUnconfirmedAppointments sets UnconfirmedAppointments field to given value.

### HasUnconfirmedAppointments

`func (o *Order) HasUnconfirmedAppointments() bool`

HasUnconfirmedAppointments returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


