# PaginationMeta

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Total** | **int32** | Total number of records. | 
**PerPage** | **int32** | Number of records per page. | 
**CurrentPage** | **int32** | The current page. | 
**LastPage** | **int32** | The last page of records. | 
**From** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The ID of the first record on this page. This is specified as either &#x60;integer&#x60; or &#x60;null&#x60; purely for spec testing purposes. The model which is autogenerated from this definition will be thrown out and written by-hand. | [optional] 
**To** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The ID of the last record on this page. This is specified as either &#x60;integer&#x60; or &#x60;null&#x60; purely for spec testing purposes. The model which is autogenerated from this definition will be thrown out and written by-hand. | [optional] 
**Path** | **string** | The current paged path. | 

## Methods

### NewPaginationMeta

`func NewPaginationMeta(total int32, perPage int32, currentPage int32, lastPage int32, path string, ) *PaginationMeta`

NewPaginationMeta instantiates a new PaginationMeta object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaginationMetaWithDefaults

`func NewPaginationMetaWithDefaults() *PaginationMeta`

NewPaginationMetaWithDefaults instantiates a new PaginationMeta object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetTotal

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetTotal() int32`

GetTotal returns the Total field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetTotalOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalOk returns a tuple with the Total field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotal

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetTotal(v int32)`

SetTotal sets Total field to given value.


### GetPerPage

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetPerPage() int32`

GetPerPage returns the PerPage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPerPageOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetPerPageOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPerPageOk returns a tuple with the PerPage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPerPage

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetPerPage(v int32)`

SetPerPage sets PerPage field to given value.


### GetCurrentPage

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetCurrentPage() int32`

GetCurrentPage returns the CurrentPage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrentPageOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetCurrentPageOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCurrentPageOk returns a tuple with the CurrentPage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrentPage

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetCurrentPage(v int32)`

SetCurrentPage sets CurrentPage field to given value.


### GetLastPage

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetLastPage() int32`

GetLastPage returns the LastPage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastPageOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetLastPageOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLastPageOk returns a tuple with the LastPage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastPage

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetLastPage(v int32)`

SetLastPage sets LastPage field to given value.


### GetFrom

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetFrom() int32`

GetFrom returns the From field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFromOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetFromOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetFromOk returns a tuple with the From field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFrom

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetFrom(v int32)`

SetFrom sets From field to given value.

### HasFrom

`func (o *PaginationMeta) HasFrom() bool`

HasFrom returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFromNil

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetFromNil(b bool)`

 SetFromNil sets the value for From to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFrom
`func (o *PaginationMeta) UnsetFrom()`

UnsetFrom ensures that no value is present for From, not even an explicit nil
### GetTo

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetTo() int32`

GetTo returns the To field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetToOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetToOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetToOk returns a tuple with the To field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTo

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetTo(v int32)`

SetTo sets To field to given value.

### HasTo

`func (o *PaginationMeta) HasTo() bool`

HasTo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetToNil

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetToNil(b bool)`

 SetToNil sets the value for To to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTo
`func (o *PaginationMeta) UnsetTo()`

UnsetTo ensures that no value is present for To, not even an explicit nil
### GetPath

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetPath() string`

GetPath returns the Path field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPathOk

`func (o *PaginationMeta) GetPathOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPathOk returns a tuple with the Path field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPath

`func (o *PaginationMeta) SetPath(v string)`

SetPath sets Path field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


